Access reviews tutorial (#11247)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/accessreviews-overview.md

+ In a user (delegated) context: a user leverages an app that calls the Access Reviews API. Typical scenarios would include:
  + An administrator using a script to create, read, or update an access review.
  + A resource owner using an app or a script to create an access review for a resource they own.
  + An administrator automatically collecting all decisions for one or more access reviews.
  
    In this scenario, the app leverages the user’s permissions to interact with the API. To authorize your app in this context, see [get access on behalf of a user](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/auth-v2-user).

+ In an application context: a “headless” application such as a script, a daemon, or a bot, with no logged in user, calls the Access Reviews API to retrieve data. A typical scenario is a scheduled script regularly collecting decisions for all access reviews. To authorize your app in this context, see [get access without a user](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/auth-v2-service).

## Building blocks of the Access Reviews API

The Access Reviews API structures information logically and comprises three major building blocks:

> + Access reviews schedule *definitions*: is the logical blueprint that contains the settings of an access review and its instances. An access review can have multiple definitions.

Author: Kindly confirm @flofromm, original doc says "you can have N definitions of Access Reviews (one-off as well as series of Access Reviews)"

---

> title: "Overview of the access reviews API for groups - Microsoft Graph"

Reviewer: The Microsoft Graph is added by default to topics in search results; you can remove it from here. You might want to include the Microsoft Graph keyword in the actual article title, i.e. "Overview of the access reviews API for groups in Microsoft Graph".

> description: "Overview of the access reviews API for groups"

Reviewer: The description should be a complete sentence and not a repeat of the title. This should be a one-sentence summary of the article content and is the description that can show in some search results.

author: "FaithOmbongi"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "governance"
---

# Overview of the access reviews API for groups

The [access reviews API for groups](/graph/api/resources/accessreviewsv2-root?view=graph-rest-beta&preserve-view=true) in Microsoft Graph allows you to programmatically review access to your groups. This includes:
+ Creating, reading, updating, and deleting access reviews, access review settings, and schedules.
+ Investigating past access reviews and the decisions taken by reviewers, including the steps Azure AD took automatically.

## Scope of use

The access reviews APIs support both delegated and application contexts.

> + In a user (delegated) context, an application calls the access reviews API on behalf of a user. Typical scenarios include:

Reviewer: This can just be an introductory sentence and not a bullet. Then you don't have a nested bulleted list, just a regular bulleted list.

  + An administrator using a script to create, read, or update an access review.
  + A resource owner using an app or a script to create an access review for a resource they own.
  + An administrator automatically collecting all decisions for one or more access reviews.
  
    To authorize your app in this context, see [get access on behalf of a user](/graph/auth-v2-user).

> + In an application context, an application calls the access reviews API without a signed-in user present. A typical scenario is a scheduled background script regularly collecting decisions for all access reviews. To authorize your app in this context, see [get access without a user](/graph/auth-v2-service).

Reviewer: This can be a regular sentence and not a bullet.

## Building blocks of an access review

Access reviews are structured logically and are comprised of these building blocks:
+ **Access reviews schedule definitions** -  The logical blueprint that contains the settings of an access review and its instances.
+ **Access review instance** - Represents a review activity that has a scope, reviewers, and a status. An access review definition may have multiple instances as is the case in recurring reviews. One-off reviews have exactly one instance.
+ **Decision items recorded for a review** - Represent a decision a reviewer made on an instance, including the time stamp and justification for the decision. Each review instance has as many decisions as the number of users under review. If there are no decisions taken, that is, reviewers haven’t responded to the review, there will be no decision objects for the instance.

## Next steps

> + [Use the access reviews API for groups to create access and read definitions, instances, and decisions.](tutorial-accessreviews-securitygroup.md)

Reviewer: I suggest introducing these links with text like "Try the following tutorials:". Then remove the periods from the link text.

---
title: "Access reviews overview"
description: "Overview of the Access Reviews API for groups"
author: "isabelleatmsft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "governance"
---

# Overview of the Access Reviews API for groups

The [Access Reviews Graph API](/graph/api/resources/accessreviewsv2-root?view=graph-rest-beta&preserve-view=true) allows you to programmatically review access to your resources. This includes:
+ Creating, reading, updating, and deleting access reviews, their settings, and schedules.
+ Investigating past access reviews and the decisions taken by reviewers, including the steps Azure AD took automatically.

> These APIs support reviews for groups, such as Microsoft 365 groups and security groups, only.

Reviewer 2: Actually, we don't want to imply any promise of future work in the docs.

## Scope of use

The Access Reviews APIs support both delegated and application contexts.

> + In a user (delegated) context: an application calls the Access Reviews API on behalf of a user. Typical scenarios include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ In a user (delegated) context, an application calls the Access Reviews API on behalf of a user. Typical scenarios include:
```

  + An administrator using a script to create, read, or update an access review.
  + A resource owner using an app or a script to create an access review for a resource they own.
  + An administrator automatically collecting all decisions for one or more access reviews.
  
    To authorize your app in this context, see [get access on behalf of a user](/graph/auth-v2-user).

> + In an application context: an application calls the Access Reviews API without a signed-in user present. A typical scenario is a scheduled background script regularly collecting decisions for all access reviews. To authorize your app in this context, see [get access without a user](/graph/auth-v2-service).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ In an application context, an application calls the Access Reviews API without a signed-in user present. A typical scenario is a scheduled background script regularly collecting decisions for all access reviews. To authorize your app in this context, see [get access without a user](/graph/auth-v2-service).
```

> ## Building blocks of the Access Reviews API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Building blocks of an access review
```

> The Access Reviews API structures information logically and comprises three major building blocks:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Access reviews are structured logically and are comprised of these building blocks:
```

> + Access reviews schedule *definitions*: is the logical blueprint that contains the settings of an access review and its instances.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Access reviews schedule definitions are the logical blueprint that contains the settings of an access review and its instances.
```

> + An access review *instance*: represents a review activity that has a scope, reviewers, and a status. An access review definition may have multiple instances as is the case in monthly recurring reviews. One-off reviews have exactly one instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ **Access review instance** - Represents a review activity that has a scope, reviewers, and a status. An access review definition may have multiple instances as is the case in recurring reviews. One-off reviews have exactly one instance.
```

> + *Decision items* recorded for a review: represent a decision a reviewer made on an instance, including the time stamp and justification for the decision. Each review instance has as many decisions as the number of users under review. If there are no decisions taken, that is, reviewers haven’t responded to the review, there will be no decision objects for the instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ **Decision items recorded for a review** - Represent a decision a reviewer made on an instance, including the time stamp and justification for the decision. Each review instance has as many decisions as the number of users under review. If there are no decisions taken, that is, reviewers haven’t responded to the review, there will be no decision objects for the instance.
```

> + An Access Review *instance*: Represents a review activity that has a scope, reviewers, and a status. An Access Review definition may have multiple instances as is the case in recurring reviews and review policies. One-off reviews have exactly one instance.

Author: Well noted.

---
title: "Overview: Access reviews overview"
description: "Overview of the Access Reviews API for groups"
author: "isabelleatmsft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "governance"
---

> # Overview of the Access Reviews API for groups

Reviewer: I don't think that access reviews is a proper noun - i.e. it's not an official product name - so please use lowercase. Note that the title attribute and the H1 should match. Can we revise the title to "Overview of the Microsoft Graph access review API"? That will get the Microsoft Graph keyword in there.

Reviewer 3: > I don't think that access reviews is a proper noun - i.e. it's not an official product name - so please use lowercase. Note that the title attribute and the H1 should match. Can we revise the title to "Overview of the Microsoft Graph access review API"? That will get the Microsoft Graph keyword in there.

Agree that we should update the topic title (H1) so that it doesn't use proper nouns for access reviews (aligned with our IT admin docs on the Azure AD doc set). However, rather than adding Microsoft Graph to the H1, let's use the Title metadata instead and set it to "Title: Overview of the access reviews APi for groups - Microsoft Graph". This will make Microsoft Graph show up in search results and also not make the topic title overly long (since this will be done in the metadata). Laura, something we should consider doing for the Graph doc set (adding that "- Microsoft Graph" or "| Microsoft Graph" in the title metadata. We do this in the Azure AD doc set so maybe something to consider for Graph.

> The [Access Reviews Graph API](/graph/api/resources/accessreviewsv2-root?view=graph-rest-beta&preserve-view=true) allows you to programmatically review access to your resources. This includes:

Reviewer: Per branding guidelines, we always refer to "Microsoft Graph" and never "Graph". Please update the link text to "access reviews API" and then add in Microsoft Graph.

> + Creating, reading, updating, and deleting access reviews, their settings, and schedules.

Reviewer: The use of "their" here personifies access reviews. Suggest revising to say "... access reviews and access review settings and schedules."

+ Investigating past access reviews and the decisions taken by reviewers, including the steps Azure AD took automatically.

> These APIs support reviews for groups, such as Microsoft 365 groups and security groups, only.

Reviewer: Do you want to revise this to say "These APIs currently support reviews for Microsoft 365 groups and security groups." Removing the word "only" makes it sound less restrictive and adding "currently" implies that there might be broader support in the future, without making any promise of future behavior.
